i want to create a website called "Recipe's R Us". The purpose of this website is to help people create affordable and easy to make meals for their weeks. The website should have the pages of:
- Home page: On this page the user should be able to enter a weekly budget for their meals that will be a variable used all throughout the website. The user should be able to see the weekly meals that they have selected in their weekly meal plan.
- Weekly meal plan: On this page the user should be able to select a bunch of meals to create throughout the week, these meals should be imported from some recipes cache (you decide what the best one is and use it) and these recipes should have a cost associated with them that upon selection will be deducted from the user's weekly budget. The meals generated should each link to their own recipe pop up which will have the name of the meal, the cost, ingredients and step by step instructions on how to make the meals. Additionally the ingredients on this overlay should have an add to cart button which will allow the user to collate them all in their cart.
- Cart: On this page the user should be able to see all the ingredients that they have added to their cart, including quantities. Additionally a location of the cheapest location each ingredient is available for purchase within a certain area around the user should be displayed. 


Please write all required files separately and follow all good coding practices. Pretend that you are a senior developer for a big company. Each file should be returned to me in a separate block so that I can differentiate them. This website is made by Australians and all words should be spelt in australian english with the correct grammar conventions.